save the good wines for bad
occasions because for good
occasions all wines are good
when there is prosperity and everything works and
everything is going well She is surrounded by people but
how
much they stay for when you need it there you discover the good friend I wanted to share with you this tiktok that belongs to Paz Padilla in which she launches a philosophical message that could simply refer to any friendship In fact in box in fact what she
shares is a message that is all
reality but that some people
would have taken as a hint some
old friend possibly a partner of
sálvame I tell you put me the
comment box what do you think but
what Paz Padilla said It is a
reality that surely many of
the people who are watching This video
right now you can apply with
any friend or not so friends but
some acquaintance